README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/PLAYER-ZER0-STUDIOS-Toontown-Fantasy/Toontown_Fantasy/blob/main/assets/images/github-logo/fantasy-logo.png" align="right" width="200" />

# Toontown-Fantasy [![Discord][discordImg]][discordLink]

# What is Toontown Fantasy?
 
> Toontown Fantasy is a singleplayer, non-profit, re-envisioning of Disney's Toontown Online built using Open-Toontown which is expected to have fantasy aspects to capture the 'Disney Magic', more of an open-world/adventure aspect to the gameplay, new graphics, better gameplay, much better story-line to truly capture the magic of Toontown that Disney couldn't capture back in the day, and so much more! This version is one you can change to your own liking for a Fantasy of your own! The future of Toontown is in YOUR fingertips! What will you create? Only time will tell!

### Staff Members:

> See the Authors.md file

### Contributing:

> If you'd like to help out with features, create a branch and pull the code and implement it. Then join the Discord to tell me what you've changed and I'll review it and whether or not the code is good, I will approve the merge!

> If you would no longer like to be associated with Open-Fantasy, please notify Gracie on the PLAYER ZER0 STUDIOS [Discord][discordLink] server.

### License:

> Feel free to use with credit! But an actual license will be coming eventually. So, by playing Toontown Fantasy, you agree to not do anything stupid, dangerous, or illegal with my source code.

### Setup - Windows:

> After cloning the repository, you will need to clone the resources repository inside the directory where you cloned the source repo.
>
> Secondly, you would have to clone, compile, and install a specific version of [Panda3D][PandaLink] to run this source code!
>
> Third, once you've finished that, install [Pip][PipLink] then open CMD and move to the Toontown Fantasy directory before using `Pip install -r requirements.txt` (Sometimes, you need to add the Panda3D/Python/Scripts directory prior to the `Pip` command for it to work!)
>
> Next, go into the `win32/` folder and right click on `start_all.bat` then click `Create shortcut` (on Windows 11, after right clicking `start_all.bat`, you have to press `Show more options` for Create Shortcut to work!)
>
> Once you've created a shortcut, highlight the shortcut and move it where ever you wish to launch the game from.

[discordImg]: https://img.shields.io/discord/775528645086543895.svg?logo=discord&logoWidth=18&colorB=7289DA&Discord-PLAYER%20ZER0%20STUDIOS-7289DA?logo=discord&logoWidth=18&style=for-the-badge

[discordLink]: https://discord.gg/9fgW8jAaf6

[PandaLink]: https://github.com/PLAYERZER0STUDIOS/Open-Panda

[PipLink]: https://pypi.org/project/pip/

Commit message:

Updated some base files.
I updated PPYTHON_PATH to be the updated base directory for Open-Panda. I also updated the License area in the READ.ME section since we now have a license.

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/PLAYER-ZER0-STUDIOS-Toontown-Fantasy/Toontown_Fantasy/blob/main/assets/images/github-logo/fantasy-logo.png" align="right" width="200" />

# Toontown-Fantasy [![Discord][discordImg]][discordLink]

# What is Toontown Fantasy?
 
> Toontown Fantasy is a singleplayer, non-profit, re-envisioning of Disney's Toontown Online built using Open-Toontown which is expected to have fantasy aspects to capture the 'Disney Magic', more of an open-world/adventure aspect to the gameplay, new graphics, better gameplay, much better story-line to truly capture the magic of Toontown that Disney couldn't capture back in the day, and so much more! This version is one you can change to your own liking for a Fantasy of your own! The future of Toontown is in YOUR fingertips! What will you create? Only time will tell!

### Staff Members:

> See the Authors.md file

### Contributing:

> If you'd like to help out with features, create a branch and pull the code and implement it. Then join the Discord to tell me what you've changed and I'll review it and whether or not the code is good, I will approve the merge!

> If you would no longer like to be associated with Open-Fantasy, please notify Gracie on the PLAYER ZER0 STUDIOS [Discord][discordLink] server.

### License:

> Check out the LICENSE file in the root folder of Toontown-Fantasy

### Setup - Windows:

> After cloning the repository, you will need to clone the resources repository inside the directory where you cloned the source repo.
>
> Secondly, you would have to clone, compile, and install a specific version of [Panda3D][PandaLink] to run this source code!
>
> Third, once you've finished that, install [Pip][PipLink] then open CMD and move to the Toontown Fantasy directory before using `Pip install -r requirements.txt` (Sometimes, you need to add the Panda3D/Python/Scripts directory prior to the `Pip` command for it to work!)
>
> Next, go into the `win32/` folder and right click on `start_all.bat` then click `Create shortcut` (on Windows 11, after right clicking `start_all.bat`, you have to press `Show more options` for Create Shortcut to work!)
>
> Once you've created a shortcut, highlight the shortcut and move it where ever you wish to launch the game from.

[discordImg]: https://img.shields.io/discord/775528645086543895.svg?logo=discord&logoWidth=18&colorB=7289DA&Discord-PLAYER%20ZER0%20STUDIOS-7289DA?logo=discord&logoWidth=18&style=for-the-badge

[discordLink]: https://discord.gg/9fgW8jAaf6

[PandaLink]: https://github.com/PLAYERZER0STUDIOS/Open-Panda

[PipLink]: https://pypi.org/project/pip/
